Update project-online-software-boundaries-and-limits.md (#56)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-ProjectServer: ProjectOnline/project-online-software-boundaries-and-limits.md

> - ﻿Initial quota of 25GB per Project Web App site. Please see [Tune Project Online performance](tune-project-online-performance.md) for more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ﻿Initial quota of 25 GB per Project Web App site. Please see [Tune Project Online performance](tune-project-online-performance.md) for more information. 
```

    
    > [!NOTE]

>     > The 25GB limit for each Project Online database is separate from the [SharePoint Online limits](https://support.office.com/article/8f34ff47-b749-408b-abc0-b605e1f6d498) where Project Web App is enabled. The number of Project Web App sites within a tenant is the same as the maximum number of SharePoint Site Collections allowed in a tenant. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > The 25 GB limit for each Project Online database is separate from the [SharePoint Online limits](https://support.office.com/article/8f34ff47-b749-408b-abc0-b605e1f6d498) where Project Web App is enabled. The number of Project Web App sites within a tenant is the same as the maximum number of SharePoint Site Collections allowed in a tenant. 
```
